Status

What Currently Works
		As of Milestone Alpha, the following is currently working.
				Main Menu
					Time Trial, High Scores and Settings buttons currently are fully functional.
				Settings
					As of now, the settings allow the user to change the theme of the application.
				Time Trial
					The user can “punch”(tap) a button or the punching bag image to “punch” the bag. 
					When the user punches the bag, it will count the punch.
					The screen shows the user the number of punches the user has done.
					The Timer is fully functional for a time of 30 seconds. I can always increase it if I want, but 30 seconds seems like a good amount of time.
					The timer starts when the user first punches the bag.
					When the timer runs out, the game asks for the user’s name so it can add the score to the High Score database. 
					Right now, if the user presses the Pause button the timer pauses.
					
What Needs to Be Completed
	The following still needs to be completed.
		Animations for the stickman 
		Clear High Scores from Settings Menu
		Implement Pause of the Time Trial Game.
		Error Catching

Modifications of Project from Proposal
	Most of the Proposals and Ideas from the Project Proposal are still on schedule to be completed on time. 
	One idea from the proposal, selecting different objects to punch, may not be completed on time. As of now, this is put on 
	hold with the intention to be completed if there is time. For now, assume this will not be done. Other than that idea, the 
	rest of the Proposal should be completed.

Progress Related to Proposed Schedule
	The progress as it relates to the proposed schedule is on track, with a few modifications. The original schedule for 
	Milestone Alpha was to have the Animation started or being worked on. I pushed that to the Beta version of the game. I moved 
	up the work on the Time Trial game mode to Alpha so I can get an idea of the size for the animations. This worked out better 
	because now the game is basically done except for the animations and bug fixing. 

Major Problems Encountered
	There was only one major problem that was encountered during work for Milestone Alpha. The problem was creating a custom layout
	for displaying the High Scores of the game. I fixed this by manually getting the data from the database as an array, instead 
	of using an adapter to bind the data to the view. There may be an easier way, but how I have it working is fine since it does work.

	 